About a month into my self-taught web dev adventure, I’m surprised at all the things I’ve learned. I’m not even talking about code, im talking about the real life lessons ive already Gleaned from the Experience. One of the first things I noticed when I finally decided to buckle-down was the regret of not starting sooner.  The  feeling of regret was immediately squashed by drive to achieve the goal I had set for myself. I was going to change my life for the better! Blind confidence rings out about now.. and leaves me overwhelmed in a sea of code. I found myself splaying out like I always do with any hyper-focus I latch onto. This is the point where I REALLY started to learn. I started this adventure with a clear goal to limit burnout, and I think I’m gonna be ok!

I am honored to say I belive in my web-dev journey like nothing I’ve experienced before. Already within the first month I’ve gifted myself the gift of Confidence! I’ve already shown myself that I can, in fact, accomplish something I set my mind to on the long term. While I’ve held some hobbies for years, I feel as though I’ve set myself up for greatness this time. I can’t turn off my mind, but I’ve been able to limit burnout with some easy ideas

stop. 
Just stop.
Our brains need to chew on content, you simply can t learn as well cramming. Its annoying and defeating sometimes but its TRUE! I’ve learned to revel in the confusion I feel when trying to grasp a concept that feels completely foreign. It may take a day or a week, but I suggest finding harmony in these times and practice what IS working for you. You may feel like a scrambled egg at this point, and you may have zero direction. DONT DROP OFF. There will be something, someone or a really good shower (this is me!!) that just.. clicks something inside your mind. These are the eureka! moments that just feel so good!
	Be patient with yourself, be kind to yourself. You need to keep yourself in good vibes so that when you finally hit that  eureka moment, you can feel your best. Your mind will fire off with next-level ideas that will catapult you further into whatever it is you were struggling with. ITLL BLOW YOUR MIND.  Times like these are the hardest to process, because of what I call the Plateau Effect. When we’re learning we seem to accomplish a great deal at once, and then plateau out for a while. This is just our brain taking some time to chew on things while we accomplish tasks with our new skills. When this time starts to feel draggy and we can start to lose faith that we’re even learning anything at all. This causes a ditch.. when your progress line starts to go down.. it has to go down because its getting ready to draw another cliff!! you have to push through this down trend that may even feel like you’re forgetting things! See the graph if you have any questions, and keep your chin up! I

YOU GOT THIS.

[progress.png]